chore: remove CHANGELOG (#5565)
global-121/121-platform: README.md

- Checkout the `<version>` tag which contains the code that you want to hotfix.

> - Create a new local hotfix branch using that tag as the `HEAD` (e.g. `hotfix/<v24.6.x>`) and make the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new local hotfix branch using that tag as the `HEAD` (e.g. `hotfix/<vX.X-X>`) and make the changes.
```
